[MUSIC]
In this next section,
we're going to learn how to use
a calculated field in a Pivot Table.
Adding a calculated field to a Pivot Table
allows you to calculate an amount
using the variables already
within your Pivot Table.
So you don't need to do it in a separate
Excel workbook or using a calculator.
It's also easy to add in to
your already formatted table.
In problem 6A, we would like to
insert a calculated field for tax,
which is 7.5% of revenue.
We're also going to add in
sales channel as a column.
So first, I'm going to click into the
pivot table, and I'm going to move over to
our Pivot Table Field menu so we can
change the variables that we're showing.
So right now, we have the sum
of quantity in our table, but
it looks like we're going
to be referencing revenue.
So let's change the value
from quantity to revenue.
I'm going to click the arrow next to
Sum of Quantity and click Remove Field.
Next, I'm going to go up here to
our variables, click on Revenue and
drag it down to Values.
The question also asks us to
include Sales Channel as a column.
So I'm going to go back to our Pivot Table
Field menu, click on Sales Channel and
drag that down to the Columns.
The next step is actually
creating our calculated field.
So first I'm going to make sure that we're
clicked into our current pivot table, and
then up top in our Analyze ribbon.
I'm going to click on Fields, Items, and
here you can see an option is calculated
fields, so I'm going to click that.
Be sure to name your field because if
you're making many calculated fields,
you want to remember so
you can refer to them in the future.
So in the name section,
I'm going to type in tax.
For the formula,
I'm going to delete out the zero, and
we would like tax to be 7.5% of revenue.
So, you can see in the menu below
are all the different options
of what we can refer to, and
we are going to look at revenue.
So, I'm going to double-click revenue
to bring it into our formula function,
and then type multiplied by 7.5%,
which is 0.075 and hit OK.
Now, when we go into
our pivot table fields,
we can see that there is a tax option.
So I'm going to click that.
And now we can see the revenue and
tax for each of our products
separated by sales channels.
It's important to think of
formatting at every step of
the process when creating a pivot table,
and since we're dealing with
all dollar values here,
I'm going to highlight our pivot table.
Go to the Home ribbon, and in this Number
Section, we can change it to Currency.
So now we'll add dollar signs and
decimal points to our data.
Now it's your turn to try to
create a calculated field.
In problem 6B,
you'll be inserting a calculated field for
cost which is 50% of revenue.
[MUSIC]